If the automobile had followed the same development cycle as the computer, a Rolls-Royce would today cost $100, get a million miles per gallon, and explode once a year, killing everyone inside. (Robert X. Cringely) First learn computer science and all the theory. Next develop a programming style. Then forget all that and just hack. (George Carrette) 19 Jan 2038 at 3:14:07 AM (End of the word according to Unix–2^32 seconds after January 1, 1970) The first 90% of the code accounts for the first 90% of the development time. The remaining 10% of the code accounts for the other 90% of the development time. (Tom Cargill) One of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that–lacking zero–they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs. (Robert Firth)

One man’s crappy software is another man’s full-time job. (Jessica Gaston) They have computers, and they may have other weapons of mass destruction. (Janet Reno) Good programmers use their brains, but good guidelines save us having to think out every case. (Francis Glassborow) The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late. (Seymour Cray) Programming is like sex. One mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life. (Michael Sinz)

Any fool can use a computer. Many do. (Ted Nelson) I think Microsoft named .Net so it wouldn’t show up in a Unix directory listing. (Oktal) Most of you are familiar with the virtues of a programmer. There are three, of course: laziness, impatience, and hubris. (Larry Wall) Saying that Java is nice because it works on all OSes is like saying that anal sex is nice because it works on all genders. (Alanna)

For a long time it puzzled me how something so expensive, so leading edge, could be so useless. And then it occurred to me that a computer is a stupid machine with the ability to do incredibly smart things, while computer programmers are smart people with the ability to do incredibly stupid things. They are, in short, a perfect match. (Bill Bryson) The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late. (Seymour Cray) There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses. (Bjarne Stroustrup) In software, we rarely have meaningful requirements. Even if we do, the only measure of success that matters is whether our solution solves the customer’s shifting idea of what their problem is. (Jeff Atwood)

Hardware: The parts of a computer system that can be kicked. (Jeff Pesis) We will never become a truly paper-less society until the Palm Pilot folks come out with WipeMe 1.0. (Andy Pierson) The question of whether computers can think is like the question of whether submarines can swim. (Edsger W. Dijkstra) Should array indices start at 0 or 1? My compromise of 0.5 was rejected without, I thought, proper consideration. (Stan Kelly-Bootle)

Any fool can use a computer. Many do. (Ted Nelson) I think Microsoft named .Net so it wouldn’t show up in a Unix directory listing. (Oktal) If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. (Edsger W. Dijkstra) Don’t worry if it doesn’t work right. If everything did, you’d be out of a job. (Mosher’s Law of Software Engineering) Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more ‘user-friendly’… Their best approach so far has been to take all the old brochures and stamp the words ‘user-friendly’ on the cover. (Bill Gates)

There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don’t believe this to be a coincidence. (Jeremy S. Anderson) Hardware: The parts of a computer system that can be kicked. (Jeff Pesis) The cheapest, fastest, and most reliable components are those that aren’t there. (Gordon Bell) Just remember: you’re not a ‘dummy,’ no matter what those computer books claim. The real dummies are the people who–though technically expert–couldn’t design hardware and software that’s usable by normal consumers if their lives depended upon it. (Walter Mossberg)

The only people who have anything to fear from free software are those whose products are worth even less. (David Emery) Ready, fire, aim: the fast approach to software development. Ready, aim, aim, aim, aim: the slow approach to software development. (Anonymous) Saying that Java is nice because it works on all OSes is like saying that anal sex is nice because it works on all genders. (Alanna) The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple. (Grady Booch) Most software today is very much like an Egyptian pyramid with millions of bricks piled on top of each other, with no structural integrity, but just done by brute force and thousands of slaves. (Alan Kay)

It’s ridiculous to live 100 years and only be able to remember 30 million bytes. You know, less than a compact disc. The human condition is really becoming more obsolete every minute. (Marvin Minsky) Fifty years of programming language research, and we end up with C++? (Richard A. O’Keefe) The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late. (Seymour Cray) A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history–with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila. (Mitch Radcliffe) Any fool can use a computer. Many do. (Ted Nelson)

I think Microsoft named .Net so it wouldn’t show up in a Unix directory listing. (Oktal) I’ve noticed lately that the paranoid fear of computers becoming intelligent and taking over the world has almost entirely disappeared from the common culture. Near as I can tell, this coincides with the release of MS-DOS. (Larry DeLuca) The city’s central computer told you? R2D2, you know better than to trust a strange computer! (C3PO) If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves upon execution. (Robert Sewell)